docs/source/conventions.rst, before:

Conventions
===========

Just like many other packages, GeoPES uses some conventions. We stick to the conventions from Numpy, which uses **row-major ordering**. This means that, e.g., a list of vertices ``verts`` with :math:`m` vertices :math:`\boldsymbol{x} \in \mathbb{R}^{n}` will be a Numpy array such that ``verts.shape == (m, n)``. This is so we can use the following idiom::

   for vert in poly.verts:
      print(vert)

-----------
Time-series
-----------

To make matters a bit worse, for timeseries data, such as

.. math:: \boldsymbol{X} = \begin{bmatrix} \vert & \vert & & \vert \\ \boldsymbol{x}_{0} & \boldsymbol{x}_{1} & \cdots & \boldsymbol{x}_{N} \\  \vert & \vert & & \vert \end{bmatrix},

we use **column-major ordering**, as this is the convention in the Python ``control`` library. This will occurs when we use, for instance::

   import control as ct
   _, _, X = ct.forced_response(sys, t, u, return_X=True)

----------
Developers
----------

For developers, there are several conventions to follow:

Docstrings
^^^^^^^^^^

For docstring, we follow mainly the NumPy docstring convention, as defined here: `NumPy docstring <https://numpydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/format.html>`. We do have these added restrictions:

- The first line of the docstring should directly follow the ``"""`` symbol, i.e.::
   def my_function():
       """This is the first line of the docstring, immidiately after the triple quotes.

       """
       pass
- The last line of the docstring should be empty, i.e. there should be a blank line after the last line of the docstring, before the closing ``"""`` symbol.

Commit message:

Tried to fix some stuff in the docstring documentation, added a code block.

docs/source/conventions.rst, after:

Conventions
===========

Just like many other packages, GeoPES uses some conventions. We stick to the conventions from Numpy, which uses **row-major ordering**. This means that, e.g., a list of vertices ``verts`` with :math:`m` vertices :math:`\boldsymbol{x} \in \mathbb{R}^{n}` will be a Numpy array such that ``verts.shape == (m, n)``. This is so we can use the following idiom::

   for vert in poly.verts:
      print(vert)

-----------
Time-series
-----------

To make matters a bit worse, for timeseries data, such as

.. math:: \boldsymbol{X} = \begin{bmatrix} \vert & \vert & & \vert \\ \boldsymbol{x}_{0} & \boldsymbol{x}_{1} & \cdots & \boldsymbol{x}_{N} \\  \vert & \vert & & \vert \end{bmatrix},

we use **column-major ordering**, as this is the convention in the Python ``control`` library. This will occurs when we use, for instance::

   import control as ct
   _, _, X = ct.forced_response(sys, t, u, return_X=True)

----------
Developers
----------

For developers, there are several conventions to follow:

Docstrings
^^^^^^^^^^

For docstring, we follow mainly the NumPy docstring convention, as defined here: `NumPy docstring <https://numpydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/format.html>`_. We do have these added restrictions:

* The first line of the docstring should directly follow the ``"""`` symbol, i.e.:
   
   .. code-block:: python

     def my_function():
         """This is the first line of the docstring, immediately after the triple quotes.

         Here we have the last line of the docstring, which is always followed by an empty line. 

         """
         pass

   The reason that we have this, is that if we collapse the docstring in our IDE, we can still see the first line of the docstring, which is often a short description of the function. Otherwise, we just see the ``"""`` symbol, which is not very informative.
* The last line of the docstring should be empty, i.e. there should be a blank line after the last line of the docstring, before the closing ``"""`` symbol.
